I'm gonna take her back to the apartment
okay I'll be home right after work okay
bye I'm aware my demo I love you will be
w what my mind but they've elected me to
talk to you about the baby talk it's not
so good but I think it's sweet hey
listen Julia about Molly i would really
prefer getting go after why not because
it took us months to find a good nanny
and I wouldn't want anything to you know
drive her away so what you think I'm
just gonna sleep with their never call
her again and things are gonna get
uncomfortable yeah that sounds about
right come on there are plenty of other
women out there okay just just forget
about her okay just she's off-limits oh
man what you have to go and say that for
now that you told me I can't have it
makes me want her even more what are you
a child yes i'm showing come on now for
me please just just try to focus your
sexual energy on someone else fine
take me home where you going for a walk
oh you mind if I join you actually I'd
rather be alone you know I really need
to organize my thoughts your thoughts
plural all right fine i only have one
thought it's about the hot nanny I gotta
see her I'm afraid I can't let you do
that Joe now you're telling me I can't
see how you guys are killing me she's
forbidden fruit it's like like like
she's the princess and I'm the stable
boy why are you doing this huh did Ross
tell you not to let me go over there yes
as a matter of fact he did so I can't
let you go huh interesting now there are
obstacles hot nanny and me against the
world this the kind of stuff great
novels are made of great novels fine
mediocre porn she's out I'm gonna take
her home okay thank you
do you see what all the guys seeing her
wouldn't kick her out of bed no more
vodka for me Rach so can I sing happy
birthday to you you're sure all right
happy birth don't see you later so you
see mind what people don't understand is
that acting is a discipline takes a lot
of hard work so where'd you study oh I
didn't go to college you know where'd
you study acting Holly people don't
study acting well II uh do you mind
giving us just a minute sure I'll go
check on him up Thanks well the
stableboy we never get the princess so
what do you think you're gonna do huh
have sex with her right here on my couch
no the leather sticks to my ass you know
this isn't fair what makes you think
that I'm just gonna sleep with her and
then blow her off huh can't you guys
open your minds to the possibility that
i actually like her it might want
something real look the truth is I
haven't felt this way about anyone since
Rachel okay I didn't think I could ever
love again come on
hi is Molly you uh yeah yeah come on in
Molly hey guys this step with them I'll
see you tomorrow okay
uh well Joey I I guess we have no
problem it's like my favorite fairy tale
come true the princess the stable boy in
the lesbian